Stop
Hit me hard if you don't obey
Kill me and I'll be responsible
Don't stop me all
Do you know
This Qingshan Town is Chenjiaxiu Town
Is there an army?
Of course I know that Qingshan Town is the army's law enforcement
To tell you the truth
My eldest brother is the right-hand man under Commander Huang
Even if you sue the army
Can't save you
Hahaha what is yellow
Since there is a treasure of the army here
Then your militia can't count
If we have one, we will go to the army
Let the army disarm
Master, if too many people are killed or injured
We can't explain it to Mayor Huang
Are you really going to the army?
I was just afraid that you wouldn't dare to go.
I have a clear conscience.
Why don't you dare?
I'll take you to the army now
Take away Brother Wu
Brother Wu, I can't go
Brother Wu, oops.
The eldest young master of the Li family is the head of the second regiment
Cover the sky with one hand in the army?
The owner must not go.
You can't go to Wu Tian
His eldest brother is in the army
You can't come back when you go
Don't worry.
I believe the army will pay me back
Will also invite Shenzhen to have a Langlang Qiankun
Brother Wu, I'll go with you
Don't worry.
Come on.
Hey
You little hoof
What fun with people
If the surnamed Wu dies
Are you going to the funeral with me?
Follow me godmother
Go back Xiaoting
Don't worry about me.
I'll be back soon.
Hahahaha go